release 0.9.0 (#570)
reanahub/reana-server: CHANGES.rst

Changes
=======

> Version 0.9.0 (2022-12-14)

Author: I think it's very minor fix and it does not look worth mentioning

--------------------------

- Adds new ``/api/launch`` endpoint that allows running workflows from remote sources.
- Adds new ``get_workflow_retention_rules`` endpoint that allows to retrieve the workspace file retention rules of a workflow.
- Adds ``queue-consume`` command that can be used by REANA administrators to remove specific messages from the queue.
- Adds configuration environment variable to set an API rate limit for slow endpoints (``REANA_RATELIMIT_SLOW``).

> - Adds the possibility to fetch the workflow specification from a remote URL using the new ``/api/launch`` endpoint.

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove this, as we already have one line for the ``/api/launch`` endpoint?

- Adds REANA specification validation utilities.
- Adds ``retention-rules-apply`` command that can be used by REANA administrators to apply pending retention rules.
- Adds ``retention-rules-extend`` command that can be used by REANA administrators to extend the duration of active retentions rules.
- Changes OpenAPI specification to include missing response schema elements and some other small enhancements.
- Changes ``/api/info`` endpoint to include kubernetes maximum memory limit, kubernetes default memory limit and the maximum workspace retention period to the response.

> - Changes ``start_workflow`` endpoint to perform REANA specification validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes ``start_workflow`` endpoint to validate the REANA specification of the workflow.
```

> - Changes ``check-workflows`` command that can be used by REANA administrators to include a check for out-of-sync interactive sessions.

Reviewer: This should probably be `Adds ...`, as the command was added in 0.9.0 (https://github.com/reanahub/reana-server/commit/495a42251d9d19d20f919dc95583a858f06e004b). It should also mention that the command also detects out-of-sync workflows.

- Changes ``create_workflow`` endpoint to populate workspace retention rules for the workflow.

> - Changes ``get_workflows`` endpoint to return workspace retention rules for the workflow.

Reviewer: This should be removed (see https://github.com/reanahub/reana-server/commit/670dbc2e4a7be9a1623b9aa1cf0212f8e8f274c2)
